Accept yourself for the hot mess that you are. 
Don’t. Give. Up. 
Actual photo of the hole where I stuff all of my feelings.
Be kind to yourself, asshole.
It’s okay to not be okay. Everything is fucked. 
Today I am letting go of the things that are holding me back from the life I want to live. Then I’m picking them all up again because I have separation anxiety. 
This too shall pass. And then some other bullshit will come and take its place. It never fucking ends. 
Don’t be afraid to settle. I mean, have you met you? 
From now on, I will only make good decisions. Honestly, I shouldn’t even be allowed to make any of my own decisions. 
Fuck it, take a nap. 
Try something today that scares you. Like maybe doing the dishes or the laundry or returning a phone call or leaving the house or ...
You are not alone. Everyone else is disappointed in you too. 
You can be anything that you want. And yet you keep choosing to be you. I admire your dedication to the role. 
Life can be so much easier. All you have to do is lower your standards. 
Don’t say yes out of guilt. Say “Yes, out of guilt.”
To love and be loved in return is the greatest thing there is. But plans being canceled last minute is a close second. 
Today I am putting myself first. If that’s ok with you. 
You are always just a moment away from your next worst day ever. Or your next best day ever, but let’s be realistic. 
Each new day is a gift you can’t return for something you really want. 
There’s so much life out there just waiting to be discovered. But there’s also tons of good shit to binge-watch at home. 
Today I am only focusing on things that truly matter. Like shit that happened in the past that I can do nothing to change. 
Everything is going to be okay. You’re just going to have to change your definition of “okay.”
You can’t change the past, but you can totally revise the shit out of it whenever it suits you.
Just because it didn’t work out doesn’t mean you failed. You successfully fucked it up. 
Let go of the past. You’re holding yourself back from making new regrets. 
Who you are now is not who you will be in five years. Here’s hoping you’re not even worse. 
You are more than enough. Way more. Dial that shit back a bit. 
Never forget who the fuck you are. Because most people have no idea you exist. 
You matter. Just not that much. 
Every now and then, scream at the top of your lungs. It helps. 
You are not alone. People are literally everywhere. With their stupid problems and shitty attitudes. You only wish you were alone. 
A person’s true nature is revealed when something takes a few seconds longer than it normally does. 
Don’t get caught up in other people’s lives. You can barely handle your own bullshit. 
You attract the energy that you give off. Apparently I only give off weird vibes. 
People come into our lives for a reason. Sometimes that reason is to make us enjoy being alone. 
I am exactly where I want to be. At home, avoiding people. 
Why do something today when you can make it future you’s problem?
Not every day is precious. Waste today. You deserve it. 
Give yourself a break. Dissociate. 
I just love it when I randomly find myself thinking of a horrifying moment from my past and my brain is immediately like: “But wait, there’s more!”
You will never be alone. All of the stupid things you’ve ever said and done will always be there to haunt you.
Sometimes I gaze into the abyss just so I can feel something gaze back at me. 
It’s never too late to change. So just wait until you absolutely have to. 
If I knew back then what I know now I would’ve just fucked up my life differently. 
I will not lose control of my emotions. I lost that shit a long time ago. 
I am only saying yes to things that spark joy. If only I ever felt any joy. 
My entire vibe is I don’t want to. 
Failure is always an option. 
It gets easier. Eventually you just stop giving a fuck. 
Disappointed? That’s what you get for expecting things. 
I am capable of great things. I’m not going to actually do any of them, but I could. 
Mistakes are how we learn. That’s why I keep making the same ones again and again. I keep getting better at them. 
Self Sabotage. Why wait for things to fail when you can make it happen? 
The best way to cope with your problems is to add new ones to distract you from the original ones. 
Ask the universe for guidance. Then just go and do whatever stupid shit you were going to do anyway. 
Don’t let anyone make you feel bad about yourself. That’s your job. And nobody does it better. 
You can fuck up anything you put your mind to. 
Why do something right away when you can wait for it to give you crippling anxiety?
Don’t be afraid to try new things. Like maybe getting your shit together. 
There’s nothing you can’t do. As long as it doesn’t have to be any good. 
You can do it! But you probably won’t. 
Be proud of yourself for how far you’ve come. Especially considering that you’ve only ever done the bare minimum.
It’s okay if you aren’t where you wanted to be right now. Your goals have always been unrealistic. 
The life you want is outside your comfort zone. So I guess you’ll be sticking with this one, then. 
Don’t let anyone tell you what you can’t do. That’s what you have insecurities for. 
Take a moment to be grateful for all that you have. Okay, now back to wishing everything was different. 
Prioritize your mental health. Have a good cry every morning as you question everything about your life. 
Have a panic attack. You’ve earned it. 
Stop worrying about what other people think. I mean, have you met other people? They’re awful. 
Whenever someone asks how you are, just make up a lie like: “I’m ok.” No one wants to hear about your problems. 
It’s okay to have feelings. But do you need to have so many?
Stop romanticising the past. You’ve always been miserable. 
Things didn’t work out for a reason. The reason is you make terrible decisions. 
Don’t be sad. You’re making everyone uncomfortable. 
Just be yourself. But not your real self. No one wants to see that shit. 
Stop overthinking. You are the only one who cares. 
It’s not imposter syndrome. You really do suck at everything. 
The only person you can truly rely on is you. What a fucking nightmare. 
You’re doing the best that you can. Which is pretty sad. 
No one is coming to save you. You are the adult. I’m so sorry.