May your marinara sauce never cling to your pasta.
May the bags under your eyes grow so large your head falls into them.
If I had a dollar for every brain you don’t have, I would have one dollar.
Wow, what a Knucklehead.
Hey, buddy. Need a ride? I was just on my way to the big doofus convention.
Oh, brotherrr. This guy STINKS!
I bet you would scout better if you didn’t have big, meaty claws.
Get a load of this *dolphin noise.*
Hey, pal. Did you just blow in from Stupidtown?
Wow, I heard the circus was in town but I only see one clown.
Boo this person! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
Remember that time you didn’t annoy me? Yeah, me neither.
I hope 3 of your eyelashes fall into your soup.
You’re still talking??
Life gave you lemons! Go squeeze them in your eyes.
You couldn’t hit water if you fell out of a boat!
You’re as useful as stardust in F2P.
Too bad the alternate universe version of you got all of the good traits.
I thought you could handle this. Time to call in the big guns. GAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMAAAAAAA!
Whatever that was…no. Just no.
It’s totally okay that you COMPLETELY dropped the ball.
dO yOu EvEn KnOw HoW wAvE tRaCkInG wOrKs?!
I’d like to say you have good ideas, but I ain’t no liar.
*You have a sneaking suspicion this person has no clue what they’re talking about…*
If rudeness was an artform, you’d be Picasso.
I hope the next time you want ice cream they’re out of your favorite flavor.
You look like the kind of person who eats well-done steaks with ketchup.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only zero I see.
You have a face only a mother could love. :heart:
You give 'I microwave fish in the office breakroom' energy.
I bet you clap when the airplane lands.
Did you fail tutorial island?
You seem like the type who says ‘bon appétit’ before eating gas-station crab rangoon.
You are an alien.
I hope you lose a sock in the washing machine.
I smell smoke. Were you thinking too hard again?
You are the gray sprinkle on my Funfetti cupcake.
Do you even mine, bro?
Smelt might boot you from the CC if you don’t shape up.
You look like you forget your login PIN and blame the keyboard.
I bet you say ‘lag’ when it’s actually just a skill issue.
You scout like you are allergic to the correct world.
You seem like the human version of forgetting your light source in a cave.
May your toast be forever soggy.
May your autocorrect only *fix* the words you typed correctly.
I bet you misspell your own name and blame the font.
I hope every shopping cart you use has exactly one squeaky wheel.
May your socks always twist inside your shoes just enough to notice.
What would you do with a brain if you had one?