"I rent out a cursing booth, and it makes me so much money!" "It does?" "Yea, I swear by it."
I killed a pirate, but dont worry, I got off the hook.
Two joggers crashed into each other...it was hilarious. You wouldn't get it though, it's a running gag.
Did you hear about the pregnant mule? As expected, the baby came out kicking.
How do you know a bird is mean? When the store sells a-hole turkey or a-hole chicken.
Mr. Playdough went to jail. It really crushed him, now he's been re-formed.
The captain tell his crew to walk the plank, so the crew says... let's take a vote. After all, we're all on the board!
The bank asks you for a loan, they would appreciate it!
I'm going to talk about Trump a lot... actually, I'm just going off on a tan-gent.
Why can't the Chinese buy United States septic plants? They aren't allowed American soil.
"Hi, I'm Ollie!" "Who's Ollie?" "Me! im Ollie of Ollie's Oxen Feed!"
Why did the psychic keep a doll close at all all times? It was her prized possession.
Have you ever seen a picture of a knight jousting? It's the original free-lance photography.
How does the manure company track their budget? Spreadsheet.
I'm a professional with constipation. Sometimes I want to tell someone, but usually I just hold it in.
In science class, someone drops a glass. The teacher asks, "who dropped this beaker?" All I can say is... mememe!
I'm in training to work at a tannery, but I can't make hide nor hair out of it!
What did the plastic surgeon say when he goofed up? It's no skin off my nose.
Do you remove household poisons? Asbestos I can!
Did you hear about the postal worker who got maternity leave for the entire time they had the job? They were always expecting a package.
Why do zombies feel better when they're eating? They have piece of mind.
What did the headhunters say while swimming? Cannibal!
Did you know most proctologists are into doomsday conspiracies? They know end times are near.
Did you hear about the hillbilly art movement? It's still-life!
Did you hear about the raving mad bathroom attendant? I walked into the bathroom, and there he was, with the soap dispenser, foaming at the mouth!
I was driving down the street, and there's an apple tree next to the road. Well, as I'm driving, an apple falls into the road, and I hit it with my tire just right, so that the skin pops off the apple! That's what I call curb-a-peel.
People who make shipping crates sure can eat. For every one they make, they get a box lunch!
"What do you do for work?" "I used to be a secretary at the farm, but my voice was too horse. They said I was un-stable and changed my profession to dairy. Now I go out to pasture... they've really got my blood curdling and I've had a cow."
I threw out a street sweeper. It was easy, the garbageman does curbside pickup.
I'm going to get rich off child labor. As the saying goes... teenwork makes the dreamwork.
Did you know people in India cant eat certain meats because of religion? It's gotten so bad that they opened a new-Dehli.
A person sick with scurvy walks into a church and asks the secretary for help. She screams.. call-a-rabbi! (kohlrabi it's a vegetable.)
Do you know what happened when the square was invented? No? You don't know? It was the four-front of innovation!
Why do you buy used batteries? Because they charge less.
Why did the bartender go into construction? He sees a lot of people hammered, makes a mean screwdriver, and always gives people his two bits.
I pooped myself as a preschooler, and there was this mean kid who always tattled on me. Now hes in the military... O guess he was always reporting for doody.
Why did the zombie deliver mail? He was post-man.
Out of all the horror movie monsters, I would fight the boogieman. I like to pick my battles.
Did you hear about the bacon that got sick? It was later cured!
Do you know the song 'acne'? It was a breakout hit.
Did you hear about the illegal bird gambling? It started with duck duck goose, but then things went a fowl, the leaders quit cold turkey, and they all scrambled. They went south.
Why did the cosmetic surgeon join the military? Because it was all about shaping up, about face!
What does 007 do when he's caught and sent to jail? He calls his brother. Who's his brother? Bonds. Jails Bonds.
"Why did you train a goose to be a football ref?" "Who else would know a first down?"
I'm starting a new type of church. If you join now, you can be a member of our Cristian Unity Leadership Team! C.U.L.T.
What does the rich baker do with his extra dough? We tosses that bread out - it's not kneaded.
"A new morgue is being built at the busy intersection by the grocery store." "How could they afford that?" "They wanted to get a coroner on the market!"
Why did the funeral home measure my waist? They needed to know how much I urn'ed."
A shiester walks into a bar and sits down. He asks the man next to him if he can have a $5 bill. The man orders a cup of coffee and a donut, hands him the $5 bill, then leaves.
I got ripped off by a golfing prodigy. He played me to a tee.
Did you know Wisconsin football fans are very religious? They're all men of the (cheese) cloth!
Why do most funerals happen between breakfast and lunch? So you really feel like morning!
I tried to buy an old hospital with my credit card, but the payment came back 'invalid.'
How did the psychic know my inner thoughts? She went to the bathroom and read my diarrhea.
Do you know why people called Beethoven crazy? Because he never composed himself.
Did you know Charles was fit when he was younger? He was fit to be king.
Why did the busboy keep taking dishes to the restroom? He was told to empty his bowels.
I don't like scaffolding, it always sets me up!
A door to door salesman is selling pills for dummies: "Hi, I'm selling pills for dummies!" "Pills for dummies? What do they do?" "Well, Jack created them. You know Jack?" "No, I dont know Jack." "Well, then this is for you!"
Where does the president put on his underwear? In the briefing room!
Did you hear Pluto is having a baby? Didn't planet.
Why couldn't the secretary give a high-five? She only had shorthand.
Making a flambe really puts a fire in my belly!
What happens when a subway opens on a golf course? It's sub-par.
Do you know the old sheepdog song? I've heard it before.
"You dont ever want to pick a fight with a carpenter." "Why?" "They have balsa wood."
Did you hear about the hitman who went stargazing? Me neither...it was a shot in the dark.
Why does dracula like the color grey? It's very 'blegh blegh.'
Why was the airport so bug infested? It was an ok-to-fly zone.
What class do criminals take in school? crook-ed.
What did the ref say at the prison football game? Penalty. 40-yrs down, criminally offensive, foul play.
Did you hear about the egg poachers? One got caught so the others scrambled, it was over-easy. Yhey were hard-boiled criminals, now their goose is cooked.
I look up to people who take pictures of bread for a living, theyre my roll-models.
I was told to drink electrolytes when you sweat a lot, so I put electric lightbulbs in water. The results were shocking.
I know a secret about cars... ready for spoilers?
In Ancient Rome, sports were the talk of the town. They had a lot to discus.
What does a church have in common with cherry pie filling? Pulp-pits.
Why did the teacher keep renovating his house? Because he needed to come up with more home-work.
Why couldn't the executioner make any friends? Because he always asks people to hang out.
Did you hear about the crazy door jokes? They got a little unhinged.
The school mechanic isn't well liked, they always throw him under the bus.
What do you get when you cross a pig with Purell? Ham sanitizer!
Have you ever cooked steak with a soldering gun? It always comes out weld-done.
I walked into a furniture store and asked for 1 night-stand. They clearly took it the wrong way.
"Did you see the milk on the table?" "No? where?" "Ah, I guess it went past-ur eyes'd."
I owe you some money... can I pay you with narcolepsy instead? I keep the rest!
Do you know why the postman was top of his class in school? He was an outgoing male!
Someone sold a tumor for a record-breaking amount! It was one lump sum.
Did you hear about the production committee for the baking show? They couldn't find enough actors, so they cast-iron skillet.
Did you hear about the comedian who lost both his legs? He cant do stand-up anymore.
I robbed a homeless amputee, but I got caught because I had a bum leg.
"I think I want to open a bar, your thoughts?" "Worth a shot!"
I mastered origami - so well, in fact, I mastered it ten-fold!
How does the tin man date? He joined 'silver singles.'
Why did a man throw anti-seizure medicine into the fault line? To stop tremors!
How is oxygen created? It air-born.
What kind of car do babies drive? A formula 1.
"I need to drink a lot of alcohol!" "That's the spirit."
I'm going to pay people to run a marathon! That'll give them a run for their money.
A photographer gets handed a beer. Why? He asked for natural lite.
Someone applying for a shipping company is given a form. The form says to check all boxes that apply to you. You're supposed to check all the boxes!
What kind of dog likes to eat corn? A husky.
How did the salon save money and make money at the same time? Budget cuts.
"Did you hear? There was a guy runover by a car!" "Really? what was he wearing?" "A tracksuit!"
"Do you know how black holes are made?" "No, how?" "It doesn't matter!"
Did you hear about the receptionist that almost died from the accident with the blood transfusion? It was a type-o.
What did the surgeon get at the cafeteria? Doctors orders.
I need help. Can you call my ophthalmologist? He's got my emergency contact!
Why did the coach leave the baseball game and become a chef? He kneaded to get some good batters.
"Hi, are you an electrician?" "Yes, why?" "Do you work on light switches?" "On and off."
I'm not a halfwit, I'm a nowit! And you nowit too!
A bird goes to purchase dogfood... it's chicken-buy-product.
Why was the pregnant dog arrested? For littering!
Did you hear about the test for the new tax agency workers? It's a write-off passage.
Why don't pirates like pistachios? They don't want to get kraken.
Where does bathroom tissue come from? It's grown on toilet-trees.
What did the farmer call the bidet? A watering can.
What do you call an overstock of giant mens clothing? Sir plus.
What did the nude bar owner do at the end of the day? He clothed up and went home.
What footwear does beachfront barbie wear? Sand-dolls.
You may have a heart of stone, but I've got a kidney stone.
Barbershop murder: it's a cut-and-dry case. The beauty shop workers talked volumes, but the crooks salon-gone.
The word 'vomit' is a put-down word. But sometimes it just comes up!
Why did the drug dealer go to the home goods store? He was looking for a potholder.
Did you hear about the lightswitch that died? It just couldn't go on anymore.
"There's a spy in my soup!" "Don't you mean a fly?" "No, my soups been bugged!"
I woke up thinking it was Christmas, but it was just present-day.
A skunk walks into a bar... eh, nevermind, this joke stinks anyway.
Mediocraties, god of 'eh, ok.'
A hunchback opens a fake car dealership, its quasi-motors. Did the scam work? Well, I'll be damed!
You know how those fancy icecream places swirl chocolate in the middle of the cone? Well, I have the inside scoop.
Deer racing.. it's an easy way to make a quick buck.
Why did the nudist join the military? Because he just couldn't avoid the draft.
Want to hear my maple syrup joke? I only tell it to old saps.
I should quit eating finish line tape. The stuff runs right through me.
Why did the eye doctor always miss his phone appointments? Because he always dial-lates.
Now on the news, dummies... moron that later.
How do you call your homies? With a land-line.
How do you clean your phone? With Dial soap.
"My birdfeeder doesnt attract any birds, what should I do?" "Find the company and suet."
A handyman moves to the inner city... he got dragged into a bunch of projects!
Did you hear about the doctor who gave up and sent foot fungus to the E.R.? He admitted de-feet.
Did you hear about the ointment salesman who lost his job? Turns out he didnt lose it, he just had to re-apply.
I won a check from winning a marathon! Know what I did with it? I ran it to the bank.
Did you hear about the runner romance? He went the distance, two meter!
Did you know the irish are notoriously bad gamblers? They're always Dublin up their bets.
A topiary cutting company starts a scholarship. It's a hedge fund.
Coffee beans are the poop of nature. There, I just roasted coffee.
Two dermatologists are fighting during a clinical trial. All that's heard is them shouting... you get backhair you! 
Why did the card dealer put in a double-layered patio porch on his building? He likes playing with a stacked deck, it brings up the house's value.
Did you hear about the country that wasnt sure twins existed? They had to double-czech their sources.
Adoctor goes on lunch break. When he returns, he announces to everyone...
I've got T.B.! (Taco Bell)
A mustard company recruits tons of people, telling them they get to work closely with celine dijion.
Did you hear about the dumb door knocker? It was a ding-dong.
Did you hear about the whole church going crazy? It was mass hysteria.
Einstein got very bored when he went on a nature outing. He went because he was promised cold fisshin.
What did the guy say when arguing about toilet seats with his girlfriend? Put em up!
Why did the criminal wear a tuxedo to court? He thought he needed a law-suit.
What do you call the middle of a stick figure? A waist-line.
Weaving club is hard to get in to, you need to pull some strings.
I dont like to clean, it hurts me to decore.
I'm gonna invent a diaper! And I won't be rash about it.
Diaper warranty - in case of accident, some areas are covered under articles #1 and #2.
Did you hear about the door-to-door flower salesman? It was a hard job, they made arrangements.
Did you hear about the restaurant business during WW2? The government paid them benefits for serving during the war.
Wrinkles are going extinct. Due to irons, their numbers are slowly de-creasing.
How did the city get a grant for a teeter totter? They used some leverage.
Why did the vampire go to art school? He needed to learn how to draw blood.
Why didn't the local man travel to Saudi Arabia for the big golf tournament? It's not within his driving range.
I don't like alphabet soup. Now change my mind and make me eat my words!
Toilets were invented in the Netherlands. They're used to clogging.
What happened to Pinocchio when he died? He went and met his maker.
I used to be an old russian. so-vei-it.
Did you hear about the guy who was arrested for illegal home renovations? They knew it was him, he had it plastered all over his face.
Where did the aztecs get all their gold from? They mayan'd it.
I forget how to use a boomerang, but it'll come back to me.
Did you hear about the guy trying to sue the dentist? The lawsuit was dropped because they couldn't afford a retainer.
"Hey, do you want a ruler?" "Meh, sure."
How do you find a submarine from Norway, Sweden or Denmark? You scan-da-navy-an stuff.
Barb-b-que places are so funny! Theyre rib-splitting.
Some kids at school today sickened me. They started a food fight, and it just made me toss my lunch!
I was in the airport when the luggage inspector suddenly stopped me, looked at my luggage, and said "never mind, carryon!"
"Did you know that household chores killed off more mayans than any war?" "Really? how so?" "Mayan sweeping is really dangerous!"
"What's the reverse of a horse's house?" "I don't know." "I don't know either, but it sounds un-stable."
Charging a dead battery sickens me. It's re-volting.
I was playing cards in the bathroom, but the game ended when all I had was a single deuce and they straight flushed.
What insect is hairless? Bees. Why? Because bees wax!
"Is it ever ok to hit someone with a baseball bat?" "No!" "And why not?" "Because that's just whack!"
Did you hear about the doctor who couldn't wait to perform surgery? He was really in-patient.
Why did the Easter bunny get a D.U.I? He had too many hops.